His Majesty is thinking about Gao Shiro's words
Chang'an rumors are misleading
Such a vicious plan
The average stubborn kid can't think of it
Even if I
I have never seen such a vicious sacrifice
The lamb's exaltation to humanity
Especially human evil
Simply terrifying
Better than fiction
This lamb must be the best talent in the world
Wan'er, do you think this lamb and Cui Xinghe
Who can assist me in completing this unprecedented task?
The Hegemony of No Comer
Cui Xinghe, you are so confident in him
Cui Xinghe is not only the champion of the dynasty
More talented at shooting cross-eyed
Especially the theory of statecraft
It incisively pointed out the must-fight in front of me
Your Majesty, you want to create the world again
Cui Xinghe was the first choice
But I
But more optimistic about the lamb
I have a hunch
he
It's the person I'm looking for
Your Majesty is a lamb with a bad record
Although he is good at controlling human nature
But when it comes to governing the country
How can you compare with Cui Zhuang?
Which is lighter and which is weaker?
Just try it
This year, I have suffered many major disasters
Public opinion is boiling
Linjiang City County Magistrate Crossing the River
The soaring price of Liangshan Tunliang in Linjiang City is difficult to contain
Coincidentally
The nearby Shimizu City also suffered a major disaster
The good driving principal is not easy for the people
You only grant Dingguo Kung Fu
Lamb is appointed as the supervisor of Linjiang City
Take over all the big and small matters in Linjiang City
Urge Cui Xinghe to supervise the imperial history of Qingshui City
Take over all the big and small matters of Clearwater City
I
To get them as fast as possible
Return peace to the people with food prices
Cui Xinghe has the means
He is a witness in Clearwater City
I'm not worried
As for Linjiang City
Just go with me.
In case I lose sight of it
If there is any problem
Hello, shoot in time.
Prevent the deterioration of the golden hoop of the world
But
This child is different from ordinary people
Unless you have to
Don't shoot
Pass the message, disaster waits for no one
I want them to leave immediately
Father, I must let the world know
Women can also be called emperors
You can also get big money to become powerful
I can not only make big money powerful
Also pacify the six countries
End 600 years of chaos